CNV-78916: Add RN about removing latency check (#107720)
openshift/openshift-docs: virt/release_notes/virt-4-22-release-notes.adoc

[role="_abstract"]
Removed features are no longer supported in {VirtProductName}.

Predefined latency check feature has been removed::

> In previous versions, cluster administrators could use a predefined latency check to verify network connectivity and measure latency between two virtual machines (VMs) that are attached to a secondary network interface. With this release, the predefined latency check feature has been removed.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Predefined latency checkup feature has been removed::
In previous versions, cluster and project administrators could use a predefined latency checkup to verify network connectivity and measure latency between two virtual machines (VMs) that are attached to a secondary network interface. With this release, the predefined latency checkup feature has been removed.
```
